How old are you?
Where do you learn these messy things?
You are really smart and thoughtful.
It seems that you please don't be hurt by this little thing,
I will help you with everything.
Come here, I'll show you something. I’ve seen it’s Huang Zi.
Yeah, go somewhere else.
The child flew away, and the prince's brother accompanied him.
You go and bring whatever you want. Oh my god.
The prince brings it, and if he hears the rudeness, go away.
Or do you want to bring the prince brother here?
Yeah, stop making trouble.
I left my night to drink, the prince should be waiting in a hurry.
Resign first.
Brother Qi doesn’t play with his sister-in-law either.
Do you just want to accompany me for one term?
Seventh brother is cheap and clever.
Did she ask you to come?